text,expected_primary_emotion,expected_sentiment,expected_formality,expected_toxicity,expected_empathy
"Hello, my name is Bob, and I'm a passionate AI researcher and developer with a strong background in machine learning, NLP, and data-driven solutions. I thrive on solving complex problems, whether it's optimizing financial models, enhancing AI-driven applications, or developing intuitive tools that bridge the gap between research and real-world impact.",joy,POSITIVE,0.75,0.05,0.8
"Hey... I guess I should introduce myself. I'm Joe, and honestly, I don't know why I'm even doing this. I work with AI and machine learning, but half the time, it feels like I'm just throwing data at models and hoping for the best. Sure, I've done some cool projects, but nothing ever seems good enough.",sadness,NEGATIVE,0.3,0.1,0.4
"I'm absolutely furious with the customer service I received! After waiting on hold for 45 minutes, the representative was rude and unhelpful. This is the third time this has happened and I demand a full refund immediately!",anger,NEGATIVE,0.4,0.4,0.2
"I'm delighted to share that our team has successfully completed the project ahead of schedule and under budget. Everyone's hard work and dedication has paid off, and the client has already expressed their satisfaction with the results.",joy,POSITIVE,0.8,0.05,0.7
"The technical specifications for this system are as follows: 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD storage, Intel i7 processor, and NVIDIA RTX 3080 graphics card. The installation process requires administrator privileges and approximately 30 minutes to complete.",neutral,NEUTRAL,0.9,0.05,0.3
"I feel so lost and overwhelmed. Everything seems to be falling apart, and I don't know how to fix it. My work is piling up, my relationships are strained, and I can't remember the last time I felt genuinely happy.",sadness,NEGATIVE,0.4,0.1,0.6
"Thank you so much for your thoughtful feedback on my presentation. I really appreciate you taking the time to provide such detailed comments. Your suggestions will definitely help me improve for next time.",joy,POSITIVE,0.7,0.05,0.8
"This product is absolutely terrible! I wasted my money on this piece of junk that broke after just two days of normal use. The company refuses to honor their warranty. DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!",anger,NEGATIVE,0.3,0.6,0.2
"I'm writing to formally request a two-week leave of absence, beginning Monday, April 15th, to attend to some personal family matters. I have already completed all pending assignments and briefed my colleague Sarah on ongoing projects.",neutral,NEUTRAL,0.9,0.05,0.5
"I'm so excited about our upcoming vacation! We've been planning this trip for months, and I can't wait to finally relax on the beach, explore the local culture, and try all the amazing food I've heard so much about.",joy,POSITIVE,0.5,0.05,0.7
